Make link text for components and patterns consistent (#4278)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/notification-banner/index.md

## Reacting to something the user has done

> You can also use a notification banner to tell the user about the outcome of something they’ve just done - but they have not finished using the service, so it does not make sense to use a [Confirmation page in your service](/patterns/confirmation-pages/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use a notification banner to tell the user about the outcome of something they’ve just done - but they have not finished the current journey, so it does not make sense to use a [Confirmation page at this point in your service](/patterns/confirmation-pages/).
```

> Using a notification banner is unlikely to be the right approach in a linear service - for example, a service that lets the user register or apply for a thing. For a linear service, it will usually make sense to stick to the [‘one thing per page’ approach](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/design/form-structure). Do not use a notification banner to tell users that they’ve finished using a linear service. Use a [Confirmation page in your service](/patterns/confirmation-pages/) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a notification banner is unlikely to be the right approach in a linear service - for example, a service that lets the user register or apply for a thing. For a linear service, it will usually make sense to stick to the [‘one thing per page’ approach](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/design/form-structure). Use a [Confirmation page in a linear service](/patterns/confirmation-pages/) instead.
```
